CASMTRIAGE-7099-1.5 port of CSM 1.4 full system power off/on procedures to CSM 1.5 (#5442)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/power_management/System_Power_On_Procedures.md

To power on all liquid-cooled cabinet CDUs and cabinet PDUs, refer to [Power On Compute Cabinets](Power_On_Compute_Cabinets.md).

## Power on and boot compute nodes and User Access Nodes \(UANs\)

**Note:** Ensure that the external Lustre and Spectrum Scale (GPFS) filesystems are available before starting to boot the compute nodes and UANs.

> To power on and boot compute nodes and UANs, refer to [Power On and Boot Compute and User Access Nodes](Power_On_and_Boot_Compute_Nodes_and_User_Access_Nodes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To power on and boot compute nodes and UANs, see the [Power On and Boot Compute and User Access Nodes](Power_On_and_Boot_Compute_Nodes_and_User_Access_Nodes.md) procedure.
```

Author: The "refer to X" versus "see the X procedure" issue happens 6 times in this file and 265 times overall in docs-csm 1.5 and 255 times in docs-csm 1.6.

I will not change this pattern in a single instance due to this ticket. If you wish this changed in docs-csm, please open a separate ticket to address this change in all of the topic files. @nrockershousen
